Welcome back to Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to a movie titled: Pet Sematary.
Be aware, spoilers ahead!
The Creeds are on their way from Chicago to
Maine to relocate the family.
They are doctor Louis, Rachel, two children
Ellie, Gage, and their cat Church.
Ellie is delighted and begins playing with
the swing in the yard as the parents inspect
the property, which they adore.
Just then, the rope snaps and Ellie falls.
At the same time, Louis and Rachel take care
of Ellie, a red truck speeds by, and the infant
waves hello.
Luckily, Gage is saved by a kindly older man
named Jud, who warns the family that these
trucks can hit quicker than they can scream.
While getting to know each other, Rachel asks
Jud where the path leads to in front of their
house.
Jud replies he'll take the family to visit
it once they all settle in.
While Louis wanders around the new house at
night and still questions the mysterious path,
Jud calls him over for a beer.
The two talks about how awful the road is
and reveal the walkway lead to a pet cemetery.
Most dogs and cats that get hit on the road
will end up being buried there.
The following morning, Jud keeps the promise
to take the Creeds to the path, where they
visit the pet cemetery.
Rachel thinks it is unfortunate seeing children
upset about their dead pets.
Jud explains that the road is horrible, making
the children broken-hearted when they lose
their pet friends.
Anyway, they sometimes have to learn about
death, so the pet cemetery's idea is actually
humane.
That night, Ellie asks her father what if
her pet Church dies.
Louis tries to console her by telling her
that the cat has a long life ahead of it.
The next day, Jud arrives at work for the
first day at the University of Maine.
An injured youngster who others are claiming
was hit by a truck.
They hurry him into the emergency room, covered
in blood, and summon Dr. Louis.
As Louis sits next to him, the youngster appears
to be dead.
Suddenly, the boy opens his eyes and aggressively
clutches Dr. Creed, peering into his eyes
and whispering his name, saying his last words
that he'll come for Louis.
The doctor becomes astonished as the patient
figures out his name.
That night, as Louis is sleeping, he is startled
awake by the young man from earlier in the
day, who appears in the bedroom doorway, still
bloody from head to toe.
The two start strolling down the pet cemetery
route together, with the boy leading the way.
He says this is where the dead speaks, but
don't go any farther because this is where
the dead walk.
Dr. Louis claims that he wants to wake up
before laying down on the ground.
Just then, Louis opens his eyes in bed, but
as he pulls back the covers, he notices that
his feet are covered in mud, and that grass
has clung to his feet.
It's Thanksgiving Day, and Rachel will be
spending the day with her father's family,
who, we learn, dislike Louis so that he will
be alone at home.
Louis gets a call from his neighbor Jud, who
says there's a dead cat on the edge of his
lawn.
Louis discovers that it is Church as he makes
his way across the busy street.
Now he is concerned that Ellie will suffer
as Church is her best pet.
Louis says he'll bury him the following day
and that he might lie to Ellie, saying he
hasn't seen the cat.
Jud says that there is a better way and guides
Louis into Pet's Sematary, armed with a shovel.
According to Jud, Louis must follow Jud's
footsteps since he knows the route over a
massive wooden barricade.
The two reach a burial place after a long
walk.
Jud remarks on the shallow dirt and hands
the shovel to Louis, telling him he must do
it independently.
Louis finishes excavating and finally places
the cat in a hole after it gets dark.
Returning home, Jud tells Louis not to tell
anyone about what they did tonight.
The following morning, Louis finds Church
is not dead and comes back.
While examining the returned dead cat, Church
scratches Louis in his face.
Louis mentions the cat with Jud later.
Jud also describes how he learned about the
burial area from an Indian after losing his
pet dog in 1925.
The dog did reappear after he buried him,
but he was a different dog.
Jud claims that he decided to revive Church
primarily for Ellie because she is too little
to understand.
Louis inquires about persons being buried
in the cemetery, to which Jud responds that
no one would do so.
During this time, Church continues to act
strange and dark, making Louis worried and
scared.
When the family returns home, Ellie inquires
about Church.
She tells Louis that she had a dream of Church
being dead and that dad and Jud buried him.
Louis comforts his girl that the cat is totally
fine.
At night, Louis and Rachel start talking about
Rachel's sister, who suffered from severe
illness years ago.
Rachel was forced to feed the sister by herself
alone when she was only eight.
The family wanted the sister to die because
she had begun to resemble a monster and was
never satisfied with Rachel's care.
Finally, she died, which relieved the family,
including Rachel.
Louis tries to console Rachel, telling her
that it was her parents' fault and Rachel
was too young at the time.
Sometime later, Gage enjoys the picnic time
with Jud and his family.
He chases a kite as it continues to move forward
until it reaches the roadway.
Meanwhile, a massive red truck rushing down
a hill as Gage approaches the road.
The entire family chases after him, but in
the center of the road, Gage is run over.
The whole family is grief-stricken.
When Louis starts drinking and conversing
with Jud, the topic of the burial ground comes
up.
People have been buried there, according to
Jud.
Timmy Bateman was a young boy and died near
the conclusion of World Wide II.
Timmy's father, Bill, placed his son's corpse
into the Micmac burial ground, only to have
it reanimated.
However, when Timmy returned after 4 or 5
days, his mother declared him an abomination
who needed to be dealt with, so Jud and other
men went to the house and set fire while Timmy
was still inside.
Judd resents himself for introducing Louis
to the sour grounds, admitting sometimes it's
preferable to be dead.
The person being put up there isn't the same
anymore.
Whatever exists outside of the pet cemetery
isn't human.
However, Louis seems firm with his intention
After the funeral, Rachel's family takes Ellie
and Rachel to Chicago to make them feel better,
leaving Louis alone yet again.
Later, Louis arrives in the cemetery with
a tool bag and sitting next to Gage's grave,
where he encounters the bloody Pascow, who
cries and tells him not to contemplate his
dark deeds.
Elsewhere in Chicago, Pascow continues to
haunt Ellie and Rachel in their dreams, attempting
to stop Louis.
However, Louis begins digging Gage's grave
late at night.
Rachel runs home from Chicago, accompanied
by Pascow, attempting to warn her about what
Louis is planning.
At the same time, Louis begins his journey
up to the burial ground while carrying Gage.
Louis arrives at the cemetery late at night,
just as Rachel is speeding home in a rented
car when she crashes into some trees on a
dark road.
As Louis finishes burying Gage, he returns
home being exhausted.
Gage's new burial spot begins to move, and
a small hand is seen lifting rocks from atop
his tomb.
During the night, the door is shoved open,
revealing Gage's tiny legs.
Gage is grunting and cooing around the house.
He comes across his father's medicine kit
and opens it to reveal a gleaming silver scalpel.
Jud wakes up on his porch, noticing something
going on at Louis' house, and hurries over
to investigate.
He can hear Gage laughing as he enters the
house, so he looks around and finds the boy.
Gage's hand appears from under a table clutching
the scalpel, pierces through Jud's achilles
heel, and straight through his lips.
The evil boy takes a big bite out of Jud's
neck as Church looks on.
When Rachel returns home from her journey,
she notices Church outdoors, licking his injured
paw.
She shouts out for Jud as she walks into the
house, but she hears a voice calling her name.
Her sister's ghost greets her as she enters
an upstairs room.
She then takes Rachel to Jud's house, where
she finds Gage in an upstairs bedroom.
Gage says he brought her something and shows
her Louis' scalpel.
Rachel hugs her son in disbelief, and her
fate is unsure.
Louis wakes up the following day and stumbles
out of bed.
He sees numerous small muddy footprints leaving
the room and the absence of his scalpel.
Preparing shots of morphine, Louis heads to
Jud's house, running into Church once more.
He distracts the cat with a raw steak, then
kills him with a shot of morphine.
As Gage laughs in the background, he uncovers
Jud's body.
He makes his way down the hall, where Rachel's
corpse emerges from the attic with a rope
around her neck.
Gage then jumps down on top of Louis and cuts
him a few times using the scalpel on the face
and body.
At this point, Louis injects the boy with
a morphine shot, making him ultimately slip
down and die in the corridor.
Then Louis pours gasoline all over the house
and sets it on fire.
Louis flees the scene with Rachel's body in
his arms, bringing her to the ground yet again.
After he buries Rachel, he returns home and
waits for his wife to come back.
Just then, Rachel does return, and they start
kissing each other passionately.
Meanwhile, Rachel lunges for a kitchen knife
on the table, followed by a scream from Louis.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notifications.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!